Fixes #16729: Add upgrade note to document how to switch from previous hash function to BCrypt (#672)
Normation/rudder-doc: src/reference/modules/installation/pages/upgrade.adoc

====

[NOTE]
====

> Rudder 6.0 comes with a new hash function : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bcrypt[Bcrypt] which add a layer of security by using a salt to hash your password. To switch from a previous hash function (SHA1, SHA256, SH512, MD5) to BCrypt you should change the "hash" parameter in `/opt/rudder/etc/rudder-users.xml` to "bcrypt" and update all password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rudder 6.1 comes with a new hash function: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bcrypt[Bcrypt] which allows safer password storage. To switch from a previous hash function (SHA1, SHA256, SH512, MD5) to BCrypt you should change the `hash` parameter in `/opt/rudder/etc/rudder-users.xml` to `bcrypt` and update all password.
```
